---
layout: post
title: Bitter
---

Someone once said that happiness is having something to be passionate about and something to look forward to. I have neither.
This German culture of denying yourself what you want constantly, with an unrelenting obsession for practicality, total abstinence, is irritating me
and wearing me down. 

I have realised that since I am living here, I have completely given up on the expectation that food should taste pleasantly. I got used to switching off
my nose, enduring the disgusting textures and flavors and being grateful if it looks healthy. Everything I eat here tastes like shit. 

I have given up on the expectation of bonding with people over common interests. I don't take hearing actually funny jokes for granted. My default setting
is to make an uncomfortable grin when I hear some overly geeky, extremely dry and humorless joke.

I expect clothes to be ugly. I don't even care anymore. The idea that spending money on nice clothes is frivolous has been so hammered down in my brain
that I don't even enjoy shopping anymore. I even have to explain why I would like to have 3 pairs of winter shoes. How can I be so crazy? Of course 2 is enough.

I am tired of hearing about bikes. So tired that I learned to switch off my ears and tune out. I know, bikes are great, they are the answer to all of our 
problems. It's not like they have existed before cars...somehow people seems to think that bikes were invented just now, to give us finally the answer!
Dear Sheep and Morons, bikes have existed long before cars. If they were the fucking answer, we wouldn't have invented cars.

Even rap music is horrifying here. Fuck it.

No spending ever, for nothing. Second hand everything. Crap food. No heating! Ugly clothes, people, furniture, the ugliest shoes in the whole wide world. 

Welcome to the German dream. Having 100 000 euros in savings, driving a 1990 car only when you really need it, having a second hand bike that smells like
someone else's ass, and wearing the same coat for 10 years, happy it didn't break yet. 

Of course I am bitter. I am bitter. 